= MobileFrontend Extension =
The MobileFrontend extension adds a mobile view to your mediawiki
instance.

== Installation ==
See https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:MobileFrontend#Installation

== Configuration ==
See https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:MobileFrontend#Configuration_settings

== Development ==

=== Coding conventions ===
Please follow the coding conventions of MobileFrontend:
https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/MobileFrontend/Coding_conventions

==== Git hooks ====
Git hooks are provided in the dev-scripts directory to assist with adhering to JavaScript
code standards, optimizing PNG files, etc. Running these hooks requires node.js, NPM, and
grunt.

Install like so:
  make installhooks

If you are not running Vagrant, be sure to set your MEDIAWIKI_URL env variable to your
local index path, e.g. 'MEDIAWIKI_URL=http://localhost/index.php/'

=== Committing ===
Commits are important as they give the reviewer more information to
successfully review your code and find errors or potential problems you
might not have thought of.

Commits are also useful when troubleshooting issues and refactoring.  If
it's not clear why a line of code is in the repository important bug
fixes could be lost.

Commits should be as minor as possible. Please avoid removing unrelated
console.log statements, fixing unrelated whitespace etc.  do that in a
separate commit which mentions the word cleanup.

First line commit should summarise the commit with bug it fixes if
applicable. e.g. Fix problem with toggling see bug x. Second line should
be blank. Third line should go into detail where necessary providing
links to blog posts/other bugs to provide more background. Mention the
platforms/browsers the change is for where necessary, e.g.:

* 'this is a problem on Android but not OSX see http://<url> which explains problem in detail'
* 'this is a workaround for a known bug in opera mobile see http://<url>'

=== Testing ===

==== Unit tests ====
To run the full test suite run:

  make tests

To run only PHP tests:

  make phpunit

To run only JS tests:

  make qunit

==== Selenium tests ====

For information on how to run Selenium tests please see README file in
tests/browser directory.
