=head1 Matrixy

=head2 INTRODUCTION

This is a port of the MATLAB/Octave programming language to Parrot. See the
ROADMAP file for more information on the status of this project, and what else
needs to be done.

=head2 ABOUT

Primary goals are:

=over 4

=item * Create a working compiler that understands the majority of the
MATLAB/Octave programming language.

=back

=head2 IMPLEMENTATION

This project is broken into three primary components:

=over 4

=item * The first is the parser, located in the C<src/parser/> directory. The
parser proper is composed of three source files, F<grammar.pg> which is a
Perl6Grammar file, and F<actions.pm> which is the associated actions file
written in NQP, and F<grammar-oper.pm> which is the operator precidence parser.
In addition, several helper functions used by the parser are located in
C<src/internals>.

=item * The second component is the library of builtin functions in the
C<src/builtins/> directory. These functions are, currently, written primarily in
PIR. Function names prefixed with an underscore are "private" functions for use
with the parser. Other functions should have names which are the same as names
for regular MATLAB or Octave functions, since they will be available to the
HLL. These are also separated into different namespaces depending on visibility
and utility.

=item * A number of library functions are written in M, or mostly M with some
inline PIR code in C<toolbox/>.

=back

=head2 DEPENDENCIES

Matrixy depends on these dependencies:

=head3 Parrot

To get a proper version of Parrot to build Matrixy, you will need to check out
and build Parrot from source:

    svn co http://svn.parrot.org/parrot/trunk parrot
    cd parrot
    perl Configure.pl
    make && make test && make install-dev

=head3 Parrot-Linear-Algebra

The linear algebra package for Parrot is available separately and provides
functionality required by Matrixy. This includes matrix data types and matrix
manipulation libraries

=head2 BUILDING

Once all dependencies are in place, you can build Matrixy using this sequence of
commands:

    perl Configure.pl
    nmake test

=head2 TODO

    * Parser
    * Standard Builtins
    * Test against Octave Test Suite.

=head2 BUGS

Lots!

=head2 CONTACT

If you need to contact the Matrixy team, go to the project home page at:

www.github.com\Whiteknight\matrixy

